pkgdev commit: make sign-off off by default (#68)
pkgcore/pkgdev: doc/man/config.rst

    [gentoo]
    push.ask = true

> - Sign off al commits for the 'gentoo' repository::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign off all commits for the 'gentoo' repository::
```

Author: Thanks.

> - Sign off all commits for the 'gentoo' repository::

Reviewer 2: Let's make it more explanatory, like:

```suggestion
- Add `Signed-off-by` consenting to the `Certificate of Origin`_ to all commits for the 'gentoo' repository::
```

(and link https://www.gentoo.org/glep/glep-0076.html#certificate-of-origin)
